from the producer of Shrek and Shrek to
valiant pidgin reporting for duty sir
too small you should be a high and
you're not even here hi
charming as homing pigeons it's our duty
to transport messages in the worst of
conditions wind rain sleet snow bombs
exploding bullets flying and as if that
weren't enough mother Nature has the
audacity to create the Falcon 20 pounds
of pigeon eating muscle no they'll send
a crack team to rescue Mina ha ha
these new recruits are our only chance
we're the ones they picked to send in
the most important
this band of misfits is doing it for
love
hello nurse well do you have a little
something for a brave pigeon about
they're going to bow hey Don is this
what you had in mind for honor vision oh
oh dear fourth country
get ready to drop I think I've dropped
already when duty called I don't mean
one do you speak French does OhLaLa
mean anything to you they delivered that
boy is gonna get creamed Walt Disney
Pictures presents a Vanguard animation
production please have some breakfast
before you go home mmm no mom mom ah no
thanks
valya
get me Falcons
you